# Election

A CodeFundo repository
 1) Firstly we can do Pre elections i.e. Fake news & information warfare - Before an election, the media voters consume helps shape their political opinions. But due to targeted disinformation campaigns, voters can have trouble determining fact-based sources to accurately inform their vote.Digital deceptions distributed in the pre-election stages have a profound effect on election outcomes. Computational propaganda, digitally doctored photos and videos, weaponized social media, and more all can derail the democratic process. Hacked voter registration databases -  Attacks on voter registration databases can also threaten people’s ability to vote.Removing sections of voters likely to support one candidate could effectively swing a close election.If a person’s identity has been removed from the voter registration database, they can’t check in at polls. An attack that deletes an entire state’s registration database could delay or even stop an election from taking place altogether.
2) We can do that During an Election we can have Hacked voting hardware - Votes and election results can be tampered with by hackers that exploit vulnerabilities in voting machinery and tabulation systems.From a cybersecurity perspective, every part of the election process that involves some type of electronic device or software (especially if connected to the internet) is vulnerable to hacking.Or Post-election audit - Dismay over an election can prompt calls for a post-election audit — comparing digital results to paper ballots.However, post-election audits are vulnerable to inaccuracy without proper voting machinery in place.Experts agree that reliable post-election audits are only possible with a paper trail. This means that voting machines that only record votes electronically (often via touchscreen) are not suitable for ensuring election integrity.The safest voting machines use optical scan paper ballot systems. In these systems, voters mark their votes by filling in an oval on a paper ballot. Then the paper ballot is scanned by a machine at the polling place and digitized for electronic tabulation.
3) At last Blockchain’s fundamental characteristics — transparency, immutability, and accountability — underscore the technology’s potential for securing elections.While blockchain’s proponents argue that the technology could increase voter participation and improve security, some cybersecurity and election experts say blockchain makes election processes overly complicated and no more secure than other internet-connected election systems.Despite this lack of consensus, several pilot projects around the world are starting to lay the foundations for blockchain-based voting.Below, we highlight the technology behind a theoretically secure blockchain-based election.
